content/posts/my-cybersecurity-learning-journey.md, before:

+++
date = '2025-07-08T21:41:55-07:00'
draft = false
title = 'My Cybersecurity Learning Journey'
+++
+++
date = '2025-07-08T21:41:55-07:00'
draft = false
title = 'My Cybersecurity Learning Journey'
+++

## Welcome to My Cybersecurity Journey

Hey there! I'm Kile, a 22-year-old recent graduate from Northern Arizona University with a degree in Computer Engineering. I'm currently diving deep into cybersecurity and documenting every step of this exciting journey.

## Why Am I Blogging My Journey?

1. **Accountability** - Putting my progress out there keeps me motivated
2. **Learning by Teaching** - The best way to learn is to try to teach it
3. **Community Building** - Looking for others with the same interests and passion

## Why Did I Choose Cybersecurity?

To answer this, I have to go back to before college. In 2019, during a family vacation, I had a serious conversation with my grandpa and uncle about the future of our world. My grandpa, being an economics expert, and my uncle, being highly successful in business, told me that the world was heading in a new direction. They emphasized that I would need 21st-century skills to be successful and not get left behind.

My initial thought was to pursue computer science, but after some family "feedback" (let's leave it at that!), I realized I preferred the mathematical side over pure coding. After a year in engineering, I discovered cybersecurity while searching for internships, and I completely fell in love with it.

**What captivated me?** The complexity, the constant evolution, and the thrill of knowing you can never fully master everything. It's like a never-ending puzzle where the pieces keep changing - and I'm here for it.

## What to Expect from This Blog

1. **My Learning Journey** - Real progress, struggles, and breakthroughs
2. **Honest Thoughts** - Unfiltered opinions on tools, trends, and experiences
3. **Study Journals** - Notes and insights from my learning sessions
4. **Hands-On Labs** - Writeups of practical exercises and experiments
5. **Career Development** - Interview prep, certifications, and job hunting adventures
6. **Community Engagement** - Connecting with fellow cybersecurity enthusiasts

## Let's Connect

Whether you're just starting out like me, or you're a seasoned professional, I'd love to hear from you. Drop a comment, share your own journey, or just say hi!

Here's to learning, growing, and securing the digital world together! 🚀

---

*Follow my journey and feel free to reach out - we're all in this together!*

Commit message:

Add navigation menu, essential pages, and improve post summary

content/posts/my-cybersecurity-learning-journey.md, after:

+++
date = '2025-07-08T21:41:55-07:00'
draft = false
title = 'My Cybersecurity Learning Journey'
summary = "Join me as I document my journey from Computer Engineering graduate to cybersecurity professional. Learn about my motivations, goals, and what you can expect from this blog."
+++

## Welcome to My Cybersecurity Journey

Hey there! I'm Kile, a 22-year-old recent graduate from Northern Arizona University with a degree in Computer Engineering. I'm currently diving deep into cybersecurity and documenting every step of this exciting journey.

## Why Am I Blogging My Journey?

1. **Accountability** - Putting my progress out there keeps me motivated
2. **Learning by Teaching** - The best way to learn is to try to teach it
3. **Community Building** - Looking for others with the same interests and passion

## Why Did I Choose Cybersecurity?

To answer this, I have to go back to before college. In 2019, during a family vacation, I had a serious conversation with my grandpa and uncle about the future of our world. My grandpa, being an economics expert, and my uncle, being highly successful in business, told me that the world was heading in a new direction. They emphasized that I would need 21st-century skills to be successful and not get left behind.

My initial thought was to pursue computer science, but after some family "feedback" (let's leave it at that!), I realized I preferred the mathematical side over pure coding. After a year in engineering, I discovered cybersecurity while searching for internships, and I completely fell in love with it.

**What captivated me?** The complexity, the constant evolution, and the thrill of knowing you can never fully master everything. It's like a never-ending puzzle where the pieces keep changing - and I'm here for it.

## What to Expect from This Blog

1. **My Learning Journey** - Real progress, struggles, and breakthroughs
2. **Honest Thoughts** - Unfiltered opinions on tools, trends, and experiences
3. **Study Journals** - Notes and insights from my learning sessions
4. **Hands-On Labs** - Writeups of practical exercises and experiments
5. **Career Development** - Interview prep, certifications, and job hunting adventures
6. **Community Engagement** - Connecting with fellow cybersecurity enthusiasts

## Let's Connect

Whether you're just starting out like me, or you're a seasoned professional, I'd love to hear from you. Drop a comment, share your own journey, or just say hi!

Here's to learning, growing, and securing the digital world together! 🚀

---

*Follow my journey and feel free to reach out - we're all in this together!*
